Thesis
Title Page
Table of Contents
Abstract in English and French
Acknowledgments
Contribution to Original Knowledge

Introduction

Chapter 1: Lit Review 
1.1 EELs Experiment, Theory, other expt techniques -done
1.1.1 Li in EELs experiments -doneish
1.1.2 EELS at McGill STEM MODE!
1.2 DFT -WIEN2K -doneish, need LO
1.2.1 Li in DFT -doneish
1.2.2 QTAIM -done
1.3 DFT for ELNES 
TDdft/optic -done
BSE -done
TELNES3 -done

1.3.1 Li in ELNES

Chapter 2: Method
2.1 Correction
2.2 Interpretation? 

Chapter 3: results/ applications
Li
LiF
Li2O
Mixture

Conclusion


1. Title page
The title of the thesis
The student’s name and Unit* followed by "McGill University, Montreal"
The month and year the thesis was submitted
The following statement: "A thesis submitted to McGill University in partial fulfillment of the requirements of the degree of....”
The universal copyright notice “©” followed by the student’s name and the year the thesis was submitted
2. A detailed table of contents
3. A brief abstract in both English and French.
If the language of the thesis is neither English nor French (only allowed for specific language Units) then a third abstract in the language of the thesis is required.
4. Acknowledgements
Among other acknowledgements, the student is required to declare the extent to which assistance (paid or unpaid) has been given by members of staff, fellow students, research assistants, technicians, or others in the collection of materials and data, the design and construction of apparatus, the performance of experiments, the analysis of data, and the preparation of the thesis (including editorial help).
In addition, it is appropriate to recognize the supervision and advice given by the thesis supervisor(s) and advisors.
5. Contribution to original knowledge
A doctoral thesis must clearly state the elements of the thesis that are considered original scholarship and distinct contributions to knowledge.
6. Contribution of Authors
Contributions of the student to each chapter must be explicitly stated.
Contributions of any co-authors to each chapter must be explicitly stated. 
7. An introduction
Clearly state the rationale and objectives of the research.
8. A comprehensive review of the relevant literature
The literature review must be in line with disciplinary expectations.
9. Body of the thesis
Body of the thesis should encompass sections on:
Methodology
Research findings
10. A comprehensive scholarly discussion of all the findings
(In case of a manuscript-based thesis the comprehensive discussion should encompass all of the chapters of the thesis and should not be a repetition of the individual chapters.)
11. A final conclusion and summary
Clearly state how the objectives of the research were met and discuss implications of findings.
12. A thorough bibliography or reference list



